# InfrastructureasCodeAzureML
Using Azure ML as Infrastructure as Code

This repository has a 'Release' pipeline and a 'Deployment' pipeline to better understand the flow of DevOps with Azure ML.

As someone working with MLOps, you collaborate with many technical stakeholders. Next to working with the data science team who train a model, you also work together with the software developers responsible for providing REST API services to deploy model as a service or embedded deployment where model is packed in the application.  To adapt to new requirements, the endpoint of model deployment will be updated over time, and similarly, the model is also expected to change over time. Whenever there's data drift or a decrease in model performance, the data science team will be asked to revise the model and update the code accordingly. In this workflow, I will show the entire roadmap.
 
Things to keep in mind:
 
1. Always set-up feature based development for data scientists.  By working with branches in your source control, you'll protect the main branch, which contains the production code, and you'll allow data scientists to safely experiment in their own branches.
2. Integrate code checks with pull requests. Trigger pull request creation that will be reviewed by the lead data scientist before merging the code to the main branch. 
3. Run github action workflow that will run a linter and unit tests to check for any errors in the code before merging.

Release Pipeline: Is responsible to train the model, register the model as a pickle file and store the artifacts on an ADO agent. Triggered whenever there are changes to the master branch, the data storage location.
Deployment Pipeline: Is responsible to get the artifacts generated by the Release pipeline and deploy it to production/staging environment in a Kubernetes instance or Azure container. Is triggered whenever there is a new artifact generated by the release pipeline.

The infrastructure configuration for Kubernetes/Azure Container Instance is in the repository as json files. Different test samples as per the environment are also in the repository.

Note: This is a basic structure of entire MLOps pipeline that one can follow and tweak as per their needs. I have not uploaded my dataset here due to company policy. 
